hi everyone I'm making my favorite
stuffing today and what you want to do
is start off with 12 cups of cubed bread
I divide this onto two trays and you
toast it in the oven at 350 for about 5
5 minutes maybe 8 minutes you got to
watch it you want them to dry out and
start to get crunchy on the outside but
you definitely don't want to burn them
so you want to keep a close eye on them
okay once your bread cubes the finish
toasting just put them into a large
casserole dish or in this case I'm using
a roasting pan and set them aside to the
rest of your ingredients are ready now
to make the sausage for the stuffing
where you want about 2 pounds of ground
pork and that we've added four cloves of
garlic minced garlic a teaspoon of
pepper 2 teaspoons of salt and a
tablespoon of oregano now my sausage is
about halfway cooked so I'm going to add
two cups of onion and cook that up
together now that my sausage and onions
are cooked I'm going to add a cup and a
half of celery and then I'm going to add
my herbs I'm adding one and a half
tablespoons of stage a tablespoon of
rosemary and a teaspoon of science
and I'm going to stir that up and I'm
going to cook it together for about two
minutes
now that my meat mixture is finished
cooking I'm just going to pour this into
the bread cubes I'm just going to stir
that up and at this point if you want to
you can make this a day ahead of time
and just finish the last prep on
Thanksgiving or Christmas morning or
whatever you like just mix your dry
bread with your meat mixture and don't
add any liquid to it cover it up and put
it in the fridge until the next day and
be just fine but since I'm cooking this
right now I'm going to go ahead and add
half a cup of melted butter
two thirds of a cup of minster shops
parsley and I'm adding Q cups of chicken
stock if you're going to stuff a turkey
with this you won't need as much liquid
as that because it'll absorb the juices
from the bird so if you're stuffing a
turkey I would use about two-thirds of a
cup half a cup or so of liquid if you're
going to do it as a dressing on the side
like I am use two cups and stir that
really well once you've mixed up your
stuffing we just cover it up and bake it
for 45 to 60 minutes at 350 it's been 60
minutes and our stuffing is finished
cooking I hope you enjoyed this recipe
it's one of my favorites take care
everyone and enjoy